My lord, what about Chow Tai Fook?
Absolutely bloody
Insolent, you use inferior raw materials without authorization
Already took a life
How dare you quibble?
Come on, this guy is pressing me down
Autumn Queen
Ask to kill you, there is no evidence at all
I am not satisfied with the cliff in this county
I am the proof
Press me down now
The governor has arrived
I seem to have heard someone shouting in disapproval just now
Who is in the abyss?
It is the yamen who oversees people's lives
I'm not convinced what happened.
Why did he say that the yamen grass supervises people's lives?
Governor
This guy ate dead crayfish
He wouldn't admit it.
Crayfish? What's that?
This is a crayfish.
This crayfish tastes so delicious